Chinese smartphone vendor OnePlus said it will step up its push to expand its presence in the global high-end smartphone market this year, after the company achieved the mark of selling more than 10 million units of premium smartphones globally in 2021.
The comment came as OnePlus products are already available in more than 50 countries and regions, and it entered the United States market in 2018 with the backing of US mobile operator T-Mobile.
Liu Zuohu, founder of OnePlus, said as a brand focusing on the high-end smartphone market, OnePlus will further its research and development push to come up with better products.
OnePlus recently unveiled its latest flagship smartphone OnePlus 10 Pro, which is priced from 4,699 yuan ($740) in China.
OnePlus has also announced a partnership with Swedish professional camera maker Hasselblad last year under which Hasselblad helps its smartphones develop better photo-taking capabilities.
Manufacturing's output rose 9.6%in 2021, R&D expenditure up 14.2% 
Stronger innovation capabilities are facilitating industrial growth in China, which will help further the high-quality development of the nation's sprawling manufacturing sector, experts said on Monday.
The remark came after China's industrial output increased 9.6 percent on a yearly basis in 2021, 1.5 percentage points higher than GDP growth, according to the National Bureau of Statistics on Monday.
Meanwhile, China's research and development expenditure rose 14.2 percent year-on-year last year, four percentage points higher than that in the previous year, accounting for 2.44 percent of the GDP.
Ning Jizhe, head of the NBS, said innovation has played a bigger role in driving growth, and the manufacturing sector has recorded relatively fast growth.
Specifically, output from high-tech manufacturing and equipment manufacturing rose 18.2 percent and 12.9 percent year-on-year, respectively, 8.6 percentage points and 3.3 percentage points higher than that of overall industrial output.
Qin Hailin, president of Beijing-based market research company CCID Consulting, said China's innovation capabilities have continued to grow, which are fueling the expansion of emerging industries and new products.
More capital is going to the high-tech sector, which will also fuel the in-depth integration of the digital and real economies, and facilitate the high-quality development of manufacturing in China, Qin said.
Last year, investment in high-tech industries increased by 17.1 percent, 12.2 percentage points faster than total investment. Among the total, investment in high-tech manufacturing and high-tech service industries increased 22.2 percent and 7.9 percent year-on-year, respectively.
Yao Jingyuan, former chief economist at the NBS, said China's industrial economy maintained a relatively good performance in 2021. In addition to constant upgrades in industrial structure, the proportion of manufacturing in China's GDP increased by 1.1 percentage points to 27 percent.
That marked a major reversal to the past decade when the proportion of manufacturing in GDP had been gradually declining, Yao said. Experts warned earlier that a decline of manufacturing's role in China's GDP risked dragging down current economic growth and affecting urban employment.
"But now we have not only stabilized the proportion but also improved the figure. That was a major achievement for 2021," Yao added.
In December, industrial output grew 4.3 percent on a yearly basis, an increase of 0.42 percent month-on-month.
Zheng Houcheng, head of the research institute at Yingda Securities Co Ltd, said China's industrial sector is facing more positive factors this year than in 2021. For instance, stabilizing investment has become an important point for the macroeconomy.
With positive factors ahead, monthly industrial output figures in 2022 are likely to be better than their counterparts seen last year, Zheng said.
Xiao Yaqing, minister of industry and information technology, China's top industry regulator, said earlier that stabilizing industrial growth will be the ministry's top priority in 2022, and it will ratchet up resources to boost the manufacturing sector's innovation capabilities.
Data from the NBS also showed that from January to November, profits from industrial enterprises above a designated size were 7.98 trillion yuan ($1.3 trillion), up 38 percent year-on-year, with an average two-year growth rate of 18.9 percent.
Shangsi Festival, also known as the Double Third Festival, is an ancient Chinese festival celebrated on the third day of the third lunar month, which falls on April 14 this year.
It is a festival mainly observed by Chinese ethnic groups, including Han and Zhuang, to ward off evil spirits and natural disasters.
The Shangsi Festival is also a day considered to be the possible birthday of the Yellow Emperor. A well-known phrase goes, "San yue san, Xuan Yuan sheng", meaning, "On the third day of the third month, the Xuan Yuan (Yellow Emperor) was born."
In 2018, the Communist Youth League's Central Committee set the third day of the third lunar month as China Huafu Day (Chinese National Costume Day), as a way to advocate the beauty of traditional Chinese clothes. The first event was celebrated on April 18 that year in Xi'an.
Five-colored sticky rice and painted eggs are traditional food for the Shangsi Festival. The Zhuang people believe rice is good for health and painted eggs are seen as a symbol of love.
People will make five-colored sticky rice cake, which can be eaten directly after steaming or made into fried rice. It is made by using various natural colorings, such as buffalo grass, which has bright colors and stimulates the appetite.
Bamboo dancing is another essential activity for the Zhuang people on March 3 on the lunar calendar. Teenagers and adults dress in festive costumes while beating drums and expressing their admiration for each other.
In the southern Chinese island province of Hainan, the Li and Miao people celebrate the special day as the "Festival of Love", along with it being a day for remembering ancestors.
The She, Dong, Yao and Tujia ethnic groups also have a tradition of celebrating on the third day of the third lunar month.